:memo: ADR and API updates for additional detector fields (#334)
foundation-model-stack/fms-guardrails-orchestrator: docs/architecture/adrs/011-detector-fields.md

At the time of writing, the detector API endpoints return two types of responses:
1. [`/text/contents`](https://foundation-model-stack.github.io/fms-guardrails-orchestrator/?urls.primaryName=Detector+API#/Text/text_content_analysis_unary_handler) returns a list of lists of detections with spans. Each list of detections corresponds to the respective content in `contents` provided in the user request, so `contents` with 2 texts would return a list of 2 lists.
2. Other endpoints return a list of detections, without spans.

Any placement of additional detector fields should account for the two types of responses.

## Assumptions
- This ADR considers fields that apply on each particular detection or decision made by the detector model.
- Knowledge of future model plans is being restricted here, so only a few examples are given with already released model functionalities.

## Decisions

> - We will add a new high-level field of `metadata` to account for additional model information from detectors. This field will provide a dictionary with string keys and arbitrary values, so that values are not constrained to particular types like strings or floats. This will enable flexibility and is how APIs like [Llama Stack](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-stack) provides additional information, whether on datasets or models.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
- We will add a new high-level field of `metadata` to account for additional information from detector models. This field will provide a dictionary with string keys and arbitrary values, so that values are not constrained to particular types like strings or floats. This will enable flexibility and is how APIs like [Llama Stack](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-stack) provides additional information, whether on datasets or models.
```

Since its not really additional model information, but information about the output that model is providing.
